Create a blog post about the sprint 174 (#475)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-09-24-improving-labels.md

---
layout: post
title:  Improving Labels to Foster Collaboration
category: development
---

Not long ago, we introduced several new features in OBS designed to foster collaboration among users.
Today, we’re excited to announce a series of improvements to the newly introduced labels feature, which will help you better work with your projects and packages.

These updates are part of the `Foster Collaboration` and `Labels` beta programs. You can find more information about the beta program [here](/2018/10/04/the-beta-program/).

{% include partials/_series-of-posts-about-foster-collaboration.md %}

### Adding Labels to the List of Packages of a Project

> First, you define the labels of a package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you set the labels for a package.
```

Set is the verb we use in the UI.

Next, you expect those labels to be shown in the list of packages of a project.
And, why not? You'd expect to filter by those labels.
Now, you can do just that!

<figure>
  <img src="/images/posts/2024-09-24/add-labels-to-list-of-packages.gif" alt="Screenshot of adding labels to the list of packages of a project" />
  <figcaption>Adding Labels to the List of Packages of a Project</figcaption>
</figure>

> ### Showing Labels in the List of Submit Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Showing Labels in the List of Requests
```

Why submit requests only? We can add labels to any kind of requests, right? for example role addition request.

The same logic applies to submit requests.

> First, you define the labels for a submit request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you set the labels for a submit request.
```

> The same logic applies to submit requests.
> First, you define the labels for a submit request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same logic applies to requests.
First, you define the labels for a request.
```

From now on, those labels are shown in the list of Requests.
Enjoy!

<figure>

>   <img src="/images/posts/2024-09-24/show-labels-in-list-of-requests.png" alt="Screenshot of labels in the list of submit requests" />
>   <figcaption>Showing Labels in the List of Submit Requests</figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="/images/posts/2024-09-24/show-labels-in-list-of-requests.png" alt="Screenshot of labels in the list of requests" />
  <figcaption>Showing Labels in the List of Requests</figcaption>
```

</figure>

### Labels Creation and Selection Improvements

> We have not only improved the way lagels are displayed, but also how they are created, assigned and managed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have not only improved the way labels are displayed, but also how they are created, assigned and managed.
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

#### Improved Selection of Labels

> We have streamlined the label selection process, reducing the number of clicks required when using the label selector component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have streamlined the label selection process, reducing the number of clicks required when using the label selector.
```

It's as simple as it looks!

<figure>
  <img src="/images/posts/2024-09-24/edit-labels.png" alt="Screenshot of the improved selection of labels" />
  <figcaption>Improved Selection of Labels</figcaption>
</figure>

#### Introducing Copy of Labels from One Project to Another

It could be handy to copy labels from another project.
This option is now available in the "Label templates" section of your project.

<figure>

>   <img src="/images/posts/2024-09-24/introduce-copying-labels.png" alt="Screenshot of the copy of labels from one project to another" />

Reviewer: Could you take the same screenshot but making sure the corresponding tab is visible? I mean, you do horizontal scroll on the tabs so the `Label Template` tab is visible in the screenshot. I think it'll help people to understand where to find it (in case the breadcrumb go unnoticed).

Author: Sure. Done. Please take a look again.

I also applied all the other suggestions you made. Thanks!
